[SAASINT-2960] DDSaaS: Intercom: Integration v1.0.0 (#18602)
DataDog/integrations-core: intercom/README.md

# Intercom

## Overview
[Intercom][1] is a customer communication platform that enables businesses to engage with their users through in-app messaging, email, and chat. It offers features like live chat, automated messaging, and customer support tools, making it easier for companies to provide personalized customer experiences.

> The Intercom integration seamlessly collects  admin activities, data events, conversations, news items and tickets data and ingests them into Datadog for comprehensive analysis using webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intercom integration seamlessly collects admin activities, data events, conversations, news items, and ticket data, and ingests them into Datadog for comprehensive analysis using webhooks.
```

Author: I have applied the changes as per suggested.

> The Intercom integration seamlessly collects admin activities, data events, conversations, news items, and ticket data, and ingests them into Datadog for comprehensive analysis using webhooks.

Reviewer 2: Can we please add a link to Asana's webhook docs?

Reviewer 3: we have added the link of intercom webhook docs.

## Setup

> Follow the instructions below to configure this integration for your Intercom account.

Author: We have taken the reference from [Contentful](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/contentful/README.md) README.

### Configuration

#### Webhook Configuration
Configure the Datadog endpoint to forward Intercom events as logs to Datadog. See [Intercom webhook overview][3] for more details.

- #### Webhook URL generation
    - Select an existing API key or create a new one by clicking one of the buttons below:<!-- UI Component to be added by DataDog team -->
- #### Register a new application
    1. Sign in to your [Intercom][2] account using a user account with full access to Apps and Integrations.
    2. Go to **Settings**.
    3. In the Integrations section, select **Developer Hub**.
    4. Click **New app**.

>     5. Fill in the required details for your application, such as the name and associated workspace.

Reviewer 2: `such as` > `including`

Reviewer 3: Done changes as per suggestions.

>     - Sign in to your [Intercom][2] account with a user which has full access to Apps and Integrations.
>     - Go to **Settings**.
>     - Under the Integrations section, select **Developer Hub**.
>     - Click on **New app**
>     - Fill in the required details for your application, such as the name and associated workspace.
>     - Click **Create app**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Sign in to your [Intercom][2] account using a user account with full access to Apps and Integrations.
    2. Go to **Settings**.
    3. In the Integrations section, select **Developer Hub**.
    4. Click **New app**.
    5. Fill in the required details for your application, such as the name and associated workspace.
    6. Click **Create app**.
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion. I have applied the changes as recommended.

- #### Configure webhook topics
    1. Select Required permissions

>         1. After creating the app, navigate to the *Authentication* section using the left-side menu and click **Edit** button in the upper-right corner.

Reviewer 2: `After creating the app, go to the Authentication section in the left-side menu, and click the Edit button in the top-right corner.`

Reviewer 3: Done changes as per suggestions.

>     - Select Required permissions
>         - After creating the app, go to the *Authentication* section in the left-hand menu and click on the **Edit** button in the top-right corner.
>         - By default, all permissions will be enabled, but ensure that the following permissions are specifically enabled:
>             - Read admins
>             - Read content data
>             - Read conversations
>             - Read events
>             - Read tickets
>         - Click **Save**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Select Required permissions
        1. After creating the app, navigate to the *Authentication* section using the left-side menu and click **Edit** button in the upper-right corner.
        2. By default, all permissions are enabled. However, ensure that the following specific permissions are enabled:
            - Read admins
            - Read content data
            - Read conversations
            - Read events
            - Read tickets
        3. Click **Save**.
```

Author: I have applied the recommended changes.

    2. Select Webhook topics
        1. Next, navigate to the **Webhooks** section using the left-side menu.
        2. Enter the endpoint URL that was generated [here](#webhook-url-generation).
        3. On the **Select a topic** dropdown menu, select the following webhook topics:

>             - admin.activity_log_event.created

Reviewer 2: Can we please format these as code?

Reviewer 3: Done changes as per suggestions.

>     - Select Webhook topics
>         - Now, go to the Webhooks section present in the left sidebar.
>         - Enter the endpoint URL that was generated [here](#webhook-url-generation).
>         - From the dropdown menu labeled **Select a topic**, select the below webhook topics:
>             - admin.activity_log_event.created
>             - content_stat.news_item
>             - conversation.admin.closed
>             - conversation.admin.replied
>             - conversation.admin.single.created
>             - conversation.admin.snoozed
>             - conversation.admin.unsnoozed
>             - conversation.priority.updated
>             - conversation.rating.added
>             - conversation.user.created
>             - event.created
>             - ticket.admin.assigned
>             - ticket.attribute.updated
>             - ticket.created
>             - ticket.state.updated
>             - ticket.team.assigned
>         - Click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Select Webhook topics
        1. Next, navigate to the **Webhooks** section using the left-side menu.
        2. Enter the endpoint URL that was generated [here](#webhook-url-generation).
        3. On the **Select a topic** dropdown menu, select the following webhook topics:
            - admin.activity_log_event.created
            - content_stat.news_item
            - conversation.admin.closed
            - conversation.admin.replied
            - conversation.admin.single.created
            - conversation.admin.snoozed
            - conversation.admin.unsnoozed
            - conversation.priority.updated
            - conversation.rating.added
            - conversation.user.created
            - event.created
            - ticket.admin.assigned
            - ticket.attribute.updated
            - ticket.created
            - ticket.state.updated
            - ticket.team.assigned
        4. Click **Save**.
```

Author: I have implemented the recommended changes.

## Data Collected

### Logs

> The Intercom integration collects and forwards admin activities, tickets, data events, news items and conversation logs to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intercom integration collects and forwards admin activities, tickets, data events, news items, and conversation logs to Datadog.
```

Author: Changes have been implemented as per your suggestion.
